OKTA-578000 Add Authenticator key, type, constraint and method relationship section (#3999)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

| `userPresence` | String            | Indicates if the user needs to approve an Okta Verify prompt or provide biometrics (meets NIST AAL2 requirements). This property is only set for `POSSESSION` constraints.| `REQUIRED`, `OPTIONAL`                                                                            |`REQUIRED`|
| `reauthenticateIn`   | String (ISO 8601) | The duration after which the user must re-authenticate regardless of user activity. This re-authentication interval overrides the [Verification Method object](#verification-method-object)'s `reauthenticateIn` interval.     | ISO 8601 period format for recurring time intervals (for example: `PT1H`) | N/A|

#### Authenticator key, type, method, and characteristic relationships for constraints

The following table shows the possible relationships between all the authenticators, their methods, and method characteristics to construct constraints for a policy.

> **Note**:
> * Method characteristics with an asterisk (*) indicate that the condition is only satisfied with certain configurations, devices, or flows.

> > * Inherence (user verifying characteristic) constraint can't be configured, but can be satisfied as the second part of a 2FA assurance if the device or platform supports biometrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * You can't configure inherence (user verifying characteristic) constraint, but you can satisfy it as the second part of a 2FA assurance if the device or platform supports biometrics.
```
